Add aside beforeinstallprompt event is still recommended (#2753)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/progressive-web-apps/customize-install/index.md

3. Alert the user that your PWA is installable, and provide a button or other
   element to start the in-app installation flow.

{% Aside %}
  The `beforeinstallprompt` event, and the `appinstalled` event have been moved
  from the Web App Manifest spec to their own
  [incubator](https://github.com/WICG/beforeinstallprompt). The Chrome team
  remains committed to supporting them, and has no plans to remove or deprecate

>   support. **We continue to recommend using them to provide a customized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  support. **web.dev continues to recommend using them to provide a customized
```
